On July 9, 2015, the Constitutional Court of South Korea held a public hearing on the issue
of punishing conscientious objectors to military service.
The court considered the cases of three conscientious objectors, including one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
When this highest court previously examined the issue in 2004 and in 2011, it found no
basis to declare unconstitutional, the military service laws that penalize conscientious objectors.
South Korea is considered to be the worst example of conscientious objection to military service.
As far as conscientious objection is concerned, we are completely isolated from the international
human rights community.
By compelling the draft and punishing those who refuse it, the state is violating freedom
of conscience.
For seven decades, some 20,000 conscientious objectors have been imprisoned and some of them are tortured.
Their heartbreaking experiences will finally be discussed today.
I was sentenced to prison for one year and six months for my conscientious objection to military service.
I refused a military duty because the Bible commands us to love our enemies as ourselves.
Since the last public hearing, the right to conscientious objection has been firmly recognized
by the international community.
The European Court of Human Rights and the UN Human Rights Committee have repeatedly confirmed
that this right is based on freedom of conscience and freedom of religion and ruled to protect
the human rights of conscientious objectors.
In line with this new trend, the Constitutional Court of Korea should depart from its earlier position
and embrace international standards.
The three-hour hearing discuss the constitutionality of convicting and imprisoning young men
for conscientious objection to military service and the possible solutions for those objectors.
The attorney for a petitioner Kim Min-hwan stated the legal grounds for coming before the court
and asking for the law to be changed.
The petitioners refusal of military service because of his religiously motivated conscience
is a fundamental right protected by the international covenant on civil and political rights
and the constitution of Korea.
The UN Human Rights Committee, which is authorized to interpret the covenant, has reaffirmed for more than 20 years
that a right of conscientious objection can be derived from freedom of conscience and freedom of religion.
We can conclude that such a right is also derived from the constitution of Korea.
The constitution has prescribed from the outset that international laws can be incorporated into domestic laws.
The UN Human Rights Committee has ruled five times since 2006 that the government must carry out its duty.
The attorney for the Ministry of National Defense expressed sympathy for imprisoned conscientious objectors
but saw only obstacles in providing alternative service.
Adoption of alternative service should bring no harm to the important public interest of national security.
If alternative service is adopted and no punishment is imposed on military dodgers,
many would pretend to be conscientious objectors.
After the attorney's opening statements, the justice has questioned them.
I have a question for the Ministry of Defense.
Currently, you have more people waiting for enlistments than you really need.
So why not give the opportunity to those who request alternative service
for reasons of their conscience or religious convictions?
South Korea ascended to the international covenant on civil and political rights in 1990
and submitted its periodic report in 1998.
The report says,
all the rights under the covenant are protected by our constitution, Article 37, paragraph 1.
And violating the covenant amounts to a violation of the constitution.
The UN Human Rights Committee ruled the Korea violated the covenant
because it punishes conscientious objectors.
Still, the government refuses to follow the committee's recommendation.
Is it not a violation of the constitution as we reported to the UN in 1998?
We are severely criticized by the international community for the poor condition of human rights in Korea.
It is not as dangerous as you claim.
If problems arise, the government can seek solutions.
I think the government should be more positive in this regard.
Only if alternative service is designed in a reasonable manner.
In fact, the terms of alternative service are very important.
The Ministry of Defense argues that it is premature to adopt alternative service.
But freedom of conscience is the most fundamental right.
The problem is how to realize such fundamental rights under the constitution.
Next, the court heard from the legal expert representing the petitioners.
Crime involves anti-social and immoral acts that can harm others' life or cause physical harm.
However, conscientious objectors do not cause any harm to others.
They are not violent, but peaceable.
Their objection takes the form of non-feasance.
And is far from aggressive.
Any form of punishment is inappropriate for them.
They are treated the same as military vaders.
But they deserve constitutional protection and favorable consideration,
while vaders have no justifiable ground from a constitutional perspective.
It is clear that the current sentencing does not correspond to their crime.
They need to achieve other goals.
That's why many local judges request the constitutional court to adjudicate on the Military Service Act.
They want the court to understand their distress and agony.
And the prosecutors seem to feel the same way.
Each year, 600 young men are imprisoned,
and their families are devastated.
Not enough for the court to reconsider the matter.
Therefore, the government saying that there is no reason to change the current situation
is the most compelling reason for the court to change its former position,
as the state has the responsibility to alleviate the agony of its people.
Important to the petitioners is a program of alternative service
that conforms to international standards.
These criteria include various forms of alternative service
that are compatible with the beliefs of conscientious objectors,
in the public interest and not of a punitive nature,
and purely civilian service that is not connected to or supervised by the military.
The petitioners urged the court to act now to release all conscientious objectors in prison in Korea
and give them an opportunity to contribute to society in a meaningful way.
In order to respect the principle of separation of powers,
the court suggested in 2004 that legislation be enacted.
Since then, more than 6,800 have been imprisoned,
and yet the legislature did not take any measures.
The Constitutional Court has respected the legislature's authority for 11 years.
It has been enough.
The more than 700 objectors should be released from arbitrary detention
and provided with opportunities to contribute to their community in a meaningful manner.
It is time for the court to stop the long line of imprisonment of 18,000 men.
The court is the last stronghold for their constitutional rights.
The Constitutional Court adjourned the hearing.
It will deliberate, and in time render a decision regarding the constitutionality of the military service laws
that penalize conscientious objectors.